Add release notes for 0.3.0. (#11)
zytedata/zyte-spider-templates: CHANGES.rst

Changes
=======

0.3.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)
------------------

* Added documentation.

> * Added a middleware that outputs details about the crawling,
>   :class:`zyte_spider_templates.middlewares.CrawlingLogsMiddleware`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a middleware that logs information about the crawl in JSON format,
  :class:`zyte_spider_templates.middlewares.CrawlingLogsMiddleware`. This
  replaces the old crawling information that was difficult to parse using
  regular expressions.
```
